---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'Email:'
datePublished: '2016-03-09T21:52:19.941Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-09T21:48:37.171Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-09-81d68534-6c8a-49b0-a650-0bb5bceecd5a.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 81d68534-6c8a-49b0-a650-0bb5bceecd5a/index.html
_type: Article

---
Email:

christianmlemos@gmail.com

FinTech startup veteran with a stress tested track record of excellence in the areas of data analysis, relationship management, and regulatory compliance.

**Areas of Expertise**

****

Bitcoin & Cryptocurency

SAR drafting and filing

Electronic Payment Systems

BSA/AML Compliance

Blockchain Forensics

Client Implementation

Risk Analysis

Fraud Detection

Enhanced Due Diligence

**Professional Experience**

**COINBASE****:**

December 2013 -- November 2015

**Regulatory Compliance Investigator,**

San Francisco, CA

Analyzed customer accounts and transaction data for suspicious activity, identifying financial crimes and all other Federal, State, and internal regulatory and policy concerns.

Identified millions in unlawful activity, preventing catastrophic fines and other regulatory action. 

Initiated AML investigations picked up by the FBI and other federal Law Enforcement agencies.

Instrumental in developing Compliance Investigations best practices and account review heuristics.

Conducted tailored Enhanced Due Diligence requests. Reviewed submitted documentation and user responses against all available information to establish veracity and sufficiency.

Vetted Merchant and Business accounts to identify compliance concerns and determine eligibility.

Responded to AML related inquiries and information sharing requests from Law Enforcement, our backing banks, and other financial institutions. Including 314(b) requests, subpoenas, etc.

**Customer Operations Supervisor,**

San Francisco, CA

Handled escalated support issues, and situations requiring the highest levels of Admin privileges.

Helped create support best practices. Drafted templates and macros still in use today. 

Founding member of the internal fraud team. Worked to detect and counteract fraud, preventing the loss hundreds of thousands of dollars.

Facilitated the on-boarding of VIP and Merchant clients.

Provided training to new hires.

**APPFOLIO****: **

July 2012 -- September 2013

**Customer Success Manager & Bank Reconciliation Specialist,**

Santa Barbara, CA

Audited and repaired client financial data to ensure DRE. and IRS compliance.

Managed a high volume queue of client support requests, contributing to an NPS score of +70 

Consulted clients regarding their accounting, marketing, and administrative procedures, vastly improving business processes.

Engaged in value added sales to improve customer ROI, and boost lifetime value of accounts.

Spearheaded project managing enhancements to Salesforce ticketing system.

Helped coordinate efforts between engineering, product development, and sales to drive product

improvement and positively impact customer retention.

**INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR: **

May 2011 -- June 2012

**PROCORE****: Quality Assurance & Marketing Consultant, **

Montecito, CA

Partnered with CEO and department heads to maintain a dynamic cross platform development process 

for web application, mobile API, and Windows applications.

Served as liaison between customers and development teams to communicate business needs and customizations.

Joined efforts with account management team to replicate, interpret, and document defects, and assess the feasibility of enhancement requests.

Documented and implemented a production rubric for marketing campaign, increasing efficiency by 200% and significantly increasing ROI.

Managed multiple software engineering teams for the development and enhancement of company's IOS, 

Android, and Windows applications

**CHECKSTER: Marketing Manager**

Mill Valley, CA

Developed and implemented inbound marketing campaigns.

Increased brand awareness and sales through management of campaigns and social media marketing.

Developed PPC campaigns through effective market research and advanced lead capture strategies.

**GLAST PHILLIPS MURRAY PC:**

May 2009 -- May 2010

**Legal Assistant/Paralegal,**

Dallas, TX

Maintained case files for Fortune 500 clients in high volume Bankruptcy and Sequestration practice.

Managed communication and relationships with clients, courts, and opposing counsel.

**WOLLMUTH, MAHER & DEUTSH LLP:**

May 2008 -- August 2008

**Legal Assistant/Summer Intern,**

New York, NY

Drafted and reviewed legal documents on behalf of associate and partner level attorneys.

Managed and prioritized projects to ensure efficient participation in high value corporate mergers and takeovers approaching $100 million.

**Education & Training**

**Bachelor of Arts: History**

, Cum Laude

University of Dallas, Irving, TX, 2005 -- 2009

Southwestern Law School, Los Angeles CA, 2010 -- 2011